this young leopard is just a year old
and at a critical point in his life
[Music]
his mother has battled to raise her two
cubs but finding enough food for them is
now beyond her from today he'll have to
fend for himself
[Music]
Kalahari means land of great thirst
prey is scarce of all the leopards in
Africa these have to be the most
resourceful a big warthog potential prey
but armed and dangerous his mother tried
to tackle one but it nearly killed her
he spots something more promising
astein book that's more like it
he won't strike unless he can get to
within just four meters and without
making the slightest sound a jackal
Parkson Azam
but the Steinbach still has no idea it's
being stalked the nearer he gets the
quieter he must be
he's blown it
[Music]
a good opportunity like that won't come
around very often
[Music]
hungry and thirsty he heads back home
and spots a kill stashed in a tree
almost certainly by his own mother and
like any teenager he thinks nothing of
raiding helada booby-trapped
[Applause]
it's not really his day is it